README.md, before:

![Fortune](https://github.com/myriadmobile/fortune/raw/master/res/fortune_banner.png)

Introduction
-------

Fortune is a view that allows Android to implement a wheel like selector.  This view includes
customizable attributes which allows Fortune to be adaptable to many use cases.
This is an elegant and user friendly selector that gives a new user experience.

Features
-------

### Main Features

+ Simple user input
+ Flingable settings for a smooth experience
+ Customizable sizing with selected and unselected items
+ Grooves or Notchs that allow the user to snap to a certain item
+ Deeply customizable from image placement and hinge types to applying centripetal forces
+ Easy public functions and listeners to know and tell the wheel what to do
+ Define a custom path instead of just a circle

### Customizable UI Experience

Allows for simple user input touch control.  Custom settings of flingable,
spin sensitivity, frame rate, friction (speed in which fling slows down), centripetal force affects, velocity cap,
grooves, unselected/selected image scales, notch location (top, bottom, right, left), background image, background forces,
and location of the images in respect to the edges.

Usage
-------

Documentation
-------

Dependencies
-------

Roadmap
-------
## Planned Features
+ Sectional items like pie graphs
+ Item Overflow (When more fortune items exists than the ability to show on the screen)

Bugs and Feedback
-------

Contributors
-------

FAQ
-------


![Fortune](https://github.com/myriadmobile/fortune/raw/master/res/fortune.png)

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Myriad Mobile

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Filled out some content to the template.

README.md, after:

![Fortune](https://github.com/myriadmobile/fortune/raw/master/res/fortune_banner.png)

Introduction
-------

Fortune is a view that allows Android to implement a wheel like selector.  This view includes
customizable attributes which allows Fortune to be adaptable to many use cases.
This is an elegant and user friendly selector that gives a new user experience.

Features
-------

### Main Features

+ Simple user input
+ Flingable settings for a smooth experience
+ Customizable sizing with selected and unselected items
+ Grooves or Notchs that allow the user to snap to a certain item
+ Deeply customizable from image placement and hinge types to applying centripetal forces
+ Easy public functions and listeners to know and tell the wheel what to do
+ Define a custom path instead of just a circle

### Customizable UI Experience

Allows for simple user input touch control.  Custom settings of flingable,
spin sensitivity, frame rate, friction (speed in which fling slows down), centripetal force affects, velocity cap,
grooves, unselected/selected image scales, notch location (top, bottom, right, left), background image, background forces,
and location of the images in respect to the edges.

Usage
-------

Documentation
-------

Dependencies
-------
Currently, this is not available elsewhere. You'll need to work some crafty Git magic or copy & paste the project in order to take advantage of it.

Roadmap
-------
## For The Future
+ Sector drawing and coloring, like pie graphs
+ Item Overflow (When more fortune items exists than the ability to show on the screen)
+ Maven Central artifact


Bugs and Feedback
-------
Have you found a bug? We'd sincerely appreciate an issue opened with as much detail as possible about the problem. Additionally, if you have a rad idea for a feature, tweak, or configurable aspect, create an issue! We'd love to hear from you. Fair warning: we may not agree the feature or tweak is a rad idea and close the issue, in which case you should maintain your own fork with your own changes.

Contributors
-------
### Lead
[![CloseCommit](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8660493?v=2&s=460)]
(https://github.com/CloseCommit)

Would you like to contribute? Fork us and send a pull request! Be sure to checkout our issues first.

FAQ
-------
> Why Fortune?

It's like wheel of fortune. The wheel part.


![Fortune](https://github.com/myriadmobile/fortune/raw/master/res/fortune.png)

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Myriad Mobile -- www.myriadmobile.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
